Store config description in Airflow configuration object (#32669)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/howto/set-config.rst

=============================

The first time you run Airflow, it will create a file called ``airflow.cfg`` in
your ``$AIRFLOW_HOME`` directory (``~/airflow`` by default). This is in order to make it easy to
"play" with airflow configuration.

However, for production case you are advised to generate the configuration using command line:

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow config list --defaults

This command will produce the output that you can copy to your configuration file and edit.

It will contain all the default configuration options nicely commented out, with examples and

> all the values will be commented out so you can only un-comment and change those that you want to change.

Reviewer: Same as above:
```suggestion
 It will contain all the default configuration options, with examples, nicely commented out
so you need only un-comment and modify those that you want to change.
```

This way you can easily keep track of all the configuration options that you changed from default
and you can also easily upgrade your installation to new versions of Airflow when they come out and

> Automatically use the defaults for existing options if they changed there.

Reviewer: Same as above:
```suggestion
automatically use the defaults for existing options if they changed there.
```
